[Term entry] Dart Queue method: .remove() (#4468)
Codecademy/docs: content/dart/concepts/queue/terms/remove/remove.md

---
Title: 'remove'
Description: 'Removes the first occurrence of an element from a queue.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Dart'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Queues'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-dart'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **.remove()** method in Dart Queue is used to remove the first occurrence of a specified element from the queue, if it exists.

Author: Hey, @Sriparno08, thanks for the review and the suggestions! :-)

## Syntax

```dart
void remove(Object? value)
```

In this case, *value* is the element to be removed from the queue.

## Example

Consider the following example demonstrating the usage of the `.remove()` method:

```dart
import 'dart:collection';

void main() {
  // Creating a Queue
  Queue<int> queue = Queue.from([1, 2, 3, 4, 5]);

  // Outputting the original queue
  print('Original Queue: $queue');

  // Removing an element from the queue
  queue.remove(3);

  // Outputting the modified queue
  print('Modified Queue after removing 3: $queue');
}

```

> The above code will result in the following output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above code results in the following output:
```

```shell

> Original Queue: Queue[1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
> Modified Queue after removing 3: Queue[1, 2, 4, 5]
> ```
> 
> In this example, the element *3* is removed from the queue using the `.remove()` method.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Original Queue: {1, 2, 3, 4, 5}
Modified Queue: {1, 2, 4, 5}
```
````
